<p style="min-height:1.5em">Patreon is a media and community platform where over 300,000 creators give their biggest fans access to exclusive work and experiences. We offer creators a variety of ways to engage with their fans and build a lasting business including: paid memberships, free memberships, community chats, live video, and selling to fans directly with one-time purchases.</p><p style="min-height:1.5em"></p><p style="min-height:1.5em">Ultimately our goal is simple: fund the creative class. And we're leaders in that space, with:</p><ul style="min-height:1.5em"><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">$10 billion+ generated by creators since Patreon's inception</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">100 million+ free memberships for fans who may not be ready to pay just yet, and</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">25 million+ paid memberships on Patreon today.</p></li></ul><p style="min-height:1.5em">We're continuing to invest heavily in building the best creator platform with the best team in the creator economy and are looking for a Senior Software Engineer focused on Identity and Access to support our mission.</p><p style="min-height:1.5em"></p><p style="min-height:1.5em"><em>This role is available as a <strong>hybrid (two days per week in office) in New York or San Francisco, or as fully remote in other locations.</strong></em></p><p style="min-height:1.5em"></p><p style="min-height:1.5em"><strong>About the Team</strong></p><p style="min-height:1.5em">Patreon's <strong>Identity and Access team </strong>builds and maintains core Patreon systems related to user identity and authentication. They work on projects such as identity verification, user authentication, and account takeover detection and prevention. This team is part of Patreon’s Risk Engineering org that also includes Information Security and Safety Engineering. You’ll be part of Patreon’s larger engineering organization and will work with cross functional partners such as legal, compliance, security, trust and safety, and anti-fraud.</p><p style="min-height:1.5em"></p><p style="min-height:1.5em"><strong>About the Role</strong></p><ul style="min-height:1.5em"><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">Write backend/full stack code as part of Patreon’s core product.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">Build and deploy user-facing systems such as multi-factor authentication flows, ID verification systems, and account takeover detections.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">Engage with stakeholders to define requirements and balance a range of security, privacy, and compliance needs.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">Collaborate with product managers, data scientists, designers, and other engineers to deliver high quality features.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">Champion innovative solutions that improve security and usability for creators and their fans.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">Contribute to growth and maturity of the team by improving processes, providing mentorship, and helping to expand the organization.</p><p style="min-height:1.5em"></p></li></ul><p style="min-height:1.5em"><strong>About You</strong></p><p style="min-height:1.5em">A strong candidate will have most (but need not have all) of the following:</p><ul style="min-height:1.5em"><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">You have 2-3+ years of experience in software development.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">You have experience with Python or a similar language.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">You are familiar with the security and privacy concerns inherent to dealing with identity data or authentication flows.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">You’re comfortable with data storage techniques and understand how data modeling, performance, and reliability intersect in real-world systems.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">You’ve worked on consumer-facing features where quality, experience, and emotional feel matter.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">You’re energized by fast iteration: shipping MVPs, testing hypotheses, and evolving products based on what creators and fans respond to.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">You take pride in creating elegant solutions to messy, real-world problems and balancing pragmatic trade-offs.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">You believe in Patreon’s mission: giving creators control over their work and building communities that feel good to be in.</p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em">Bachelor’s, master’s, or doctoral degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field, or the equivalent</p><p style="min-height:1.5em"></p></li></ul><p style="min-height:1.5em"><strong>About Patreon</strong></p><p style="min-height:1.5em">Patreon powers creators to do what they love and get paid by the people who love what they do. Our team is passionate about making this mission and our core values come to life every day in our work. Through this work, our Patronauts:</p><ul style="min-height:1.5em"><li><p style="min-height:1.5em"><strong>Put Creators First | </strong><em>They’re the reason we’re here. When creators win, we win.</em></p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em"><strong>Build with Craft | </strong><em>We sign our name to every deliverable, just like the creators we serve.</em></p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em"><strong>Make it Happen | </strong><em>We don’t quit. We learn and deliver.</em></p></li><li><p style="min-height:1.5em"><strong>Win Together | </strong><em>We grow as individuals. We win as a team.</em></p></li></ul><p style="min-height:1.5em">We hire talented and passionate people from different backgrounds because workplace diversity and inclusion is critical to our ability to serve creators worldwide. If you’re excited about a role but your past experience doesn’t match with every bullet point outlined above, we strongly encourage you to apply anyway. If you’re a creator at heart, are energized by our mission, and share our company values, we’d love to hear from you.</p><p style="min-height:1.5em"></p><p style="min-height:1.5em"><em>Patreon is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other protected class. If you need a reasonable accommodation during the interview process, please let us know via email at accommodations@patreon.</em></p><p style="min-height:1.5em"><em>Patreon offers a competitive benefits package including and not limited to salary, equity plans, healthcare, flexible time off, company holidays and recharge days, commuter benefits, lifestyle stipends, learning and development stipends, patronage, parental leave, and 401k plan with matching.</em></p><p style="min-height:1.5em"><em>Patreon reserves the right to modify or update compensation and benefits at any time.</em></p><br/><br/>Please mention the word **FASTER** and tag RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2 when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.

Tags: software security python support testing growth code senior reliability engineer engineering