<p>Working for a company like Smile Digital Health means supporting our mandate for <b><i>#BetterGlobalHealth</i></b>. We strive towards this goal every day, and the results can be seen in the impact of our innovative health data platform and data management solutions, which are used in over 20 countries.  We were #19 on Deloitte's Technology Fast 50 Ranking for 2024!&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Smile Digital Health makes it easy for healthcare stakeholders to collect and exchange data with our leading FHIR-based data liberation platform.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>At its heart, the Smile platform enables people and organizations to better manage healthcare data.  We help&nbsp;generate and&nbsp;liberate structured healthcare data to ensure effective delivery across care teams and health systems bringing &nbsp;<i><b>#BetterGlobalHealth </b></i>to patients everyday! </p><p><br></p><p><b>Apply today and find plenty of reasons to SMILE!</b></p><p><br></p><p>The Technical Implementations Lead will actively engage with customers and collaborate with key internal teams (e.g., core development, product management, solution architecture, support) to drive improvements in the performance, scalability, durability, and security of custom solutions. In this role, you will support the professional services team and oversee technical solution delivery for a range of Smile Digital Health customers.</p>\n<p></p><p><br></p><b>Responsibilities:</b><ul>
<li>Collaborate with customers to support their implementation projects within the scope of Smile Digital Health’s products and services. This includes configuring the Smile platform, scripting, troubleshooting, designing technical solutions, and providing architectural guidance.</li>
<li>Develop expertise in Smile’s core technologies and standards, such as HL7, FHIR, OpenID Connect, Kubernetes, Java, JavaScript, JSON, and XML, while working closely with other subject matter experts as needed.</li>
<li>Effectively manage priorities by balancing concurrent projects and escalating requests to leadership when necessary.</li>
<li>Stay current with industry trends and best practices to help guide our clients’ initiatives and ensure they’re aligned with the latest advancements.</li>
<li>Collaborate regularly with Smile Digital Health’s customer-facing teams (Implementations, Service, Account Managers) to drive the profitability of professional services engagements.</li>
<li>Serve as a resource for technical support analysts, assisting in their development and troubleshooting processes.</li>
<li>Participate in the on-call support rotation for after-hours assistance as needed.</li>
<li>Support the development and evaluation of RFIs and RFPs to help secure new business.</li>
</ul><p><br></p><b>Requirements:</b><ul>
<li>Min 5 years of professional experience in Java and JavaScript development.</li>
<li>Proven expertise in Spring, REST, SQL, and Git.</li>
<li>3+ years of experience in designing, developing, and delivering software solutions independently and as part of a collaborative team.</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal skills with a demonstrated ability to work effectively with internal and external clients and team.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities with a keen ability to recognize issues and provide effective solutions.</li>
<li>Highly organized and adaptable in prioritizing tasks; success in this role requires comfort in managing a broad range of high-level issues rather than a specific task list.</li>
<li>Exceptional communication skills, both written and oral, confident in leading meetings, documenting ideas, and persuading others.</li>
</ul><p><br></p><b>Preferred requirements:</b><ul>
<li>Knowledge in healthcare open standards (one or many): HL7 v2, FHIR, CCDA</li>
<li>Experience with Kafka, ActiveMQ or other MQ systems, MongoDB, and Docker, and Kubernetes.</li>
<li>​​Experience in Python and JavaScript.</li>
<li>Healthcare system experience.</li>
<li>Experience with cloud development (AWS, Azure, etc.).</li>
<li>Experience with Agile, Scrum, Waterfall and iterative methodologies.</li>
<li>Successful completion of an undergraduate degree in Health Informatics, Computer Science, Engineering or related fields.</li>
</ul><p><br></p><p></p>\n<div>$100,000 - $135,000 a year</div>\n<p><b>Some of the benefits we offer:</b></p><p>* Remote Work Environment</p><p>* Flexible Time Away From Work Policy including PTO, Personal and Sick Days</p><p>* Competitive Salary and Health/Medical Benefits</p><p>* RRSP/TFSA/401K Employee Contribution</p><p>* Life and Disability</p><p>* Employee Assistance Program</p><p>* FHIR Study Program and Skillsoft Learning</p><p>* Super HAPI Fun Club</p><p><br></p><p>Smile's core values include respect, inclusion, embracing our differences, and celebrating shared values because our people are the foundation of our success. We are big on creating a sense of belonging and empowering each other to bring our authentic selves to work.&nbsp; We are dedicated to fostering a workplace that values diversity, equity, and inclusion.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>We welcome and encourage candidates of all backgrounds to apply. Candidates are encouraged to inform us if they wish to discuss or require accommodations during interviews or while working at Smile.</p><br/><br/>Please mention the word **PLEASURABLY** and tag RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2 when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.

Tags: system security python technical support software javascript java cloud management lead medical health healthcare engineering