We're an award-winning data, media and tech consultancy and a leading Google and Adobe partner that helps brands and agencies think beyond clicks and conversions to unlock new opportunities for growth. We thrive on rolling up our sleeves and digging into the tough stuff for our 800+ clients. And we love getting them the most ROI from their digital marketing. If you're up for the challenge, join us. Let's move fearlessly forward together.

Job Title: Digital Media Strategist
Compensation: $90,000 to $110,000
Location: Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, North Carolina, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin.

As a Digital Media Strategist, you will act as the strategic advisor for key clients. You will drive overall account strategy, media planning, and forecasting for omnichannel media teams. By bridging the gap between sales, technical services/analytics, and media execution, you will architect campaigns that accelerate growth, drive pipeline generation, and deliver measurable revenue impact.

Responsibilities
• Partner with the Client Success Growth Leads to help serve as a strategic advisor to clients, presenting insights, performance narratives, and forward‑looking recommendations in Quarterly Business Reviews (QBRs).
• Actively identify opportunities for channel expansion and creative testing to keep clients ahead of industry shifts.
• Translate complex performance data into narratives that executive audiences can understand and act upon.
• Lead day-to-day strategy for integrated media p<br/><br/>Please mention the word **SMILE** and tag RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2 when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.

Tags: consultancy architect technical strategist testing growth strategy lead executive