Join Vonage and help us innovate cloud communications for businesses worldwide!

Vonage Communications APIs:

The API business unit focuses on API/CPaaS solutions which empower organizations with a customizable, omnichannel communications infrastructure, enabling them to connect with customers on their preferred channels throughout their journeys. With our easy-to-use APIs, global platform, and expert support, customers can abstract the complexity of communications and engage with customers in ongoing conversations.

Why this role matters:

This role is crucial for driving the growth and success of Vonage's API/CPaaS solutions, particularly within the Healthcare Vertical. As a Healthcare Account Executive, you will play a pivotal role in expanding existing relationships with tech-savvy customers and cultivating new ones, focusing on high-growth digital and cloud software companies. Given Vonage's position as a leader in cloud communications, your work will directly contribute to helping innovative companies integrate communications into their customer experiences, setting them apart in their respective industries.

Your key responsibilities:

• Drive opportunities through the entire sales cycle from pipeline generation through to close and post-sales / up-sell
• Employ a value & solution oriented sales methodology with a focus on customer engagement, authentication & end-user communication use-cases 
• Build upon the growth & adoption of our communication & network APIs in the Healthcare Vertical in the West Coast region
• Own cross functional opportunity management from Pre-Sales through to working with Customer Success
• Drive a pipeline generation cadence to develop expansion opportunities and land new target accounts 
• Lead compelling presentations of Vonage's CPaaS product and vision to a broad range of audiences from c-level executives to individual contributors leveraging Vonage's value-based sales methodology
• Provide timely and accurate forecasts and clear visibility on sales and revenue performance by actively handling your pipeline of opportunities on pre-committed revenue deals
• Leverage and coordinate cross-functional internal teams to efficiently navigate complex sales cycles (incl. Sales Development, Pre-Sales, Legal, Engineering, Security, Marketing, Product and Customer Success)

What you'll bring:

Required:

• Experience in Healthcare technology sales, SaaS, Cloud, or API based communications, with a proven track record of success.
• Demonstrated success in prospecting, identifying new customers through cold calling, lead generation and networking.
• Strong relationship-building skills with executives across business, marketing, and technology teams.
• Located in the PST timezone to provide West Coast coverage of<br/><br/>Please mention the word **SUCCEEDS** and tag RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2 when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.

Tags: software growth cloud api leader management lead sales healthcare executive