<div><h2>About the Team</h2>
<p>DashMart is a local-fulfillment center owned and operated by DoorDash, offering customers household essentials and other items to their doorsteps with speed, reliability, and quality. Customers order their convenience, grocery, retail, and prepared foods in the DoorDash app, and our team members fulfill orders in a real, brick-and-mortar store for Dashers to deliver. We’re open early and close late - some sites even run 24/7!</p>
<h2>About the Role</h2>
<p>DashMart is looking for a motivated and experienced individual that excels in fast-paced, physical environments and is excited to roll up their sleeves and actively engage in day-to-day operations.&nbsp; In this role, you will work within a local fulfillment center supporting Site Management running great shifts, and delegating tasks. As a Shift Lead, you will have shift responsibility for fulfilling orders in a warehouse environment and maintaining inventory, and in some locations, this involves preparing food in a light-prep kitchen.</p>
<h2>You’re excited about this opportunity because you will…</h2>
<ul>
<li>Be an Owner: Take ownership of your assigned shifts, including warehouse and kitchen processes, safety/cleanliness, quality, and training. Maintain accountability for inventory, equipment, and other company assets to ensure they are properly handled, stored, and protected from loss or theft.</li>
<li>Delight Customers: Ensure customer orders are delivered with high quality by executing orders accurately, communicating with customers when issues arise, and making sure Dasher pickups go smoothly.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead: Guide Operations Associates through their shift by ensuring the team works safely and productively and serving as the point of escalation for daily operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>One Team One Fight: Support operations in both the warehouse and kitchen, assist with day-to-day tasks, and lea<br/><br/>Please mention the word **CLEARED** and tag RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2 when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.

Tags: support management lead operations go