Cordance is dedicated to accelerating the growth of vertically focused business-to-business (B2B) software-as-a-service (SaaS) companies through acquisition and long-term tactical and financial guidance. We're experienced operators and subject-matter experts with a passion for software and building businesses. We partner with founders to help them scale their businesses and realize their companies' full potential.

We look for businesses with strong leadership and high potential for profitable growth, and work together to increase year-over-year revenue, company efficiency, and impact. Cordance envisions that all companies we work with achieve their full potential. We embrace what makes each company great and build on those foundations. We believe in elevating a company as it scales, delivering dignity to the organization and its employees, and sharing a passion for building a legacy.

Position Overview
The Director of Human Resources serves as a strategic HR leader and trusted advisor to senior business leaders across multiple regions and business units. This role is responsible for shaping and executing people strategies that enable business growth, organizational effectiveness, and a strong employee experience across a global workforce.

The Director of Human Resources will provide leadership across core HR disciplines including organizational design, performance management, employee relations, compliance, and change management. This individual will operate effectively in a SaaS environment and complex, multi-entity structure, while ensuring alignment across key geographies.

Key Responsibilities
Partner with senior executives and business leaders to develop and execute HR strategies aligned <br/><br/>Please mention the word **PROLIFIC** and tag RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2 when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.

Tags: director saas hr software growth financial leader senior