<p dir="ltr"><strong>If you are looking for:</strong></p><ul><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">A stable remote position where you get paid a <strong>high hourly rate,</strong></p></li><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">Where all you have to do is <strong>simple conversations</strong> with existing customers that are booked onto your calendar,</p></li><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">Where you have <strong>clear instructions </strong>on what to say and do,</p></li><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">Where you are doing something <strong>impactful</strong> that is improving people's lives,</p></li><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr"><strong>Then this is the position for you.</strong></p></li></ul><p dir="ltr">We are one of the largest and most effective education companies in our industry, and we are looking to hire a few more Enrollment Specialists. </p><p dir="ltr">The founder is one of the biggest YouTubers in this industry.</p><p dir="ltr">This is a simple role where we provide you with a script, and all you have to do is get on zoom calls with existing customers that they book on your calendar, and read the script.</p><p dir="ltr">You'll be helping customers with their journey and seeing if they want to enroll in one of our other programs.</p><p dir="ltr">The founders of this company have had to work terrible outbound call jobs before. This is not that.</p><p dir="ltr">As long as you speak well and care about giving our customers a good experience, then you will do well in this role and get a lot of fulfillment out of it.</p><p dir="ltr"><strong>If that sounds interesting to you, apply ASAP if this fits you. We expect this position to fill fast.</strong></p><p dir="ltr"><br /></p><p dir="ltr">Your job:</p><ol><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">We have existing customers who have purchased from us who need help.</p></li><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">They book a call on your calendar.</p></li><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">You'll be taking calls with our customers, and on each call, we'll give you a word-for-word script tailored to that specific customer's needs. All you have to do is read the script while sounding natural and nice.</p></li></ol><p dir="ltr">You MUST have these 4 things:</p><ol><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">Great English that sounds natural</p></li><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">Hospitality, you care about helping people and giving them a great experience</p></li><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">Organized, you can NOT miss any of the calls on your calendar</p></li><li dir="ltr"><p dir="ltr">Be talkative - small talk comes naturally to you</p></li></ol><p dir="ltr">We really care about our customers getting a great experience, which is why we are willing to pay a competitive hourly rate for this position.</p><p dir="ltr">We'll have clear, simple training to get you onboarded, so it is easy to start.</p><p dir="ltr">You can set your own hours within reason.</p><p dir="ltr"><strong>Again, if this sounds like you, apply ASAP, as we are expecting this position to fill soon.</strong></p><p><br /></p><br/><br/>Please mention the word **INCREDIBLE** and tag RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2 when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.

Tags: customer support