<p>We are a MIT-born, venture-backed Silicon Valley startup building a real-life 'Jarvis'—an AI Copilot for design and manufacturing. Our goal is to utilize advanced AI, physics simulation, and computer graphics to reduce costs and improve engineering productivity across all steps of the design and manufacturing process.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We're looking for a Senior CAD Backend Engineer with strong CATIA experience to build backend integrations and automation for our AI Engineering platform. You'll connect CAD systems to cloud-native services, streamline mechanical design workflows and develop Python based backend features. <strong>CATIA background is a must. </strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>\n<p></p><p><br></p><b>Responsibilities</b><ul>
<li>Design, develop, and maintain backend services and scripts using Python.</li>
<li>Integrate our product with 3rd-Party design solutions, like Siemens NX, CATIA, or PTC.</li>
<li>Design, develop, and maintain data models using Protobuf.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product managers, engineers and researchers.</li>
<li>Write clean, well-documented, fast, and maintainable code.</li>
</ul><p><br></p><b>What we're looking for</b><ul>
<li>BS in Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science or a related field.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience designing and implementing backend services.</li>
<li>3+ years of experience with Siemens NX, CATIA, or PTC’s APIs.</li>
<li>3+ years of experience writing Python.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of cloud-native applications and infrastructure.</li>
<li>Experience working with Protobuf.</li>
<li>Experience working with 3D data.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</li>
</ul><p><br></p><b>Bonus Points</b><ul>
<li>Experience writing C++.</li>
<li>Experience implementing gRPC-based APIs.</li>
<li>Experience working with Docker.</li>
<li>Experience working with Google Cloud.</li>
<li>Experience setting up and maintaining CI/CD pipelines with GitHub Actions.</li>
<li>Experience setting up logging and monitoring.</li>
</ul><p><br></p><b>Our tech stack</b><ul>
<li>Google Cloud</li>
<li>Python, TypeScript</li>
<li>Protobuf, gRPC</li>
<li><a rel="noopener noreferrer" href="http://Next.JS" class="postings-link">Next.JS</a>, <a rel="noopener noreferrer" href="http://React.JS" class="postings-link">React.JS</a></li>
<li>GitHub Actions</li>
<li>Docker, Kubernetes, Spinnaker</li>
<li>PostgreSQL</li>
</ul><p><br></p><p></p>\n<br/><br/>Please mention the word **SATISFIED** and tag RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2 when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.

Tags: design python 3d senior engineer engineering backend digital nomad