<p>📍 Remote | Full-Time | Immediate Start</p><p>Trivium is a fast-growing, award-winning Amazon advertising agency ranked #170 on the Inc. 5000. We partner with scaling brands and need a senior Amazon PPC Lead who can own strategy, performance, and growth across multiple accounts.</p><p>Built by a team of experts, Trivium is passionate about becoming the best Amazon agency in the world by helping Ecom brands scale and grow their businesses on Amazon. Using our state of the art analytical systems and a customized strategy for digital marketing and ads management, our goal is to generate massive, profitable growth for brands on Amazon while ensuring top quality in our services execution.</p><p>We’re looking for an extremely dedicated individual to join our team as a PPC and Amazon Strategist Your job will consist of creating, managing and running Amazon PPC campaigns to optimize sales and increase ROI. You will also be responsible for account management, strategic growth and brand ownership, as well as presenting daily, weekly and monthly analytics reports for every service provided to the client. You will essentially own the brand end-to-end and be in charge of creating growth strategies designed to grow these brands profitably while making sure the clients are happy. </p><p>Responsibilities</p><ul><li>Own the client internally and ensure every service provided is aligned with our Partnership goals</li><li>Having a broader approach to the role, not just focusing on PPC, but considering all the services provided to our clients</li><li>Own 100% of client communication. Managing clients’ expectations clearly and properly. Client response time is expected to be within 1 hour during mandatory working hours</li><li>Create, launch and manage Amazon PPC ads campaigns to meet clients’ goals.</li><li>Closely monitoring PPC spending and budget to maximize profitability </li><li>Perform keyword research on new products to be launched, and update existing products to stay on top of trends.</li><li>Monitor competitors and Amazon trends to make sure we are offering the best approach to our clients.</li><li>Analyze past performance of our brands to ensure we meet expectations, as well as detecting performance issues in advance</li><li>Analyze, interpret, and create action plans for daily, weekly and monthly analytics reporting focusing on Main KPIs aligned with our clients’ goals.</li><li>Working in Bulk Sheets to improve optimization. Understanding different reports to deploy new growth strategies and reports </li><li>Collaborating with Customer Success Managers, Data Analysts, Brand Managers and PPC Managers, while owning the account strategies and meeting expectations.</li><li>Providing top quality services (5/5) to meet high standards in customer satisfaction.</li></ul>
<ul><li>3+ years of hands-on Amazon PPC experience as a Strategist</li><li>Agency experience managing multiple brands simultaneously (mandatory)</li><li>Proven success managing medium–large budgets (+50k spent per month)</li><li>Deep understanding of Amazon PPC, organic ranking, and listing optimization</li><li>English skills: at least B2 to communicate with clients comfortably</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills (presentations and reports)</li></ul>
<ul><li>Competitive salary </li><li>Remote work year-round  </li><li>25 PTOs per year</li><li>9 National Holidays </li><li>Professional development</li><li>Continuous growth</li></ul><p></p><p>This will be a remotely administered FULL TIME [40 hr/week] position with an immediate starting date upon hire. Working hours: 9am - 2pm EST are mandatory, over 3 hours are flexible. You will need to be able to accommodate different schedules and time zones. You will need a quiet workspace with fast internet, a webcam, and a microphone for video calls. This role is compensated on pure experience, and you will receive considerable levels of autonomy and ownership over your projects. </p><br/><br/>Please mention the word **PINNACLE** and tag RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2 when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RMzQuMzAuODAuMjI2). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.

Tags: amazon strategist growth video ads strategy lead senior marketing analytics sales full-time